May 11 to May 15
fanchone defeat of the team
a pair of skis to perform their military training against Chamonix
annecy
while military sportsman
to make sure that sport does that to my preference after after
have brought back an overdraft
of the army it's true that m
base a good week and m
and here's the scene it's really very interesting things and m of
can try shooting for example I like I love it
So that's not changing and it's fine
during this week happened with chamonix chain at school
military high mountain c
the arena club we learned a little military life for cazères
so walk a little
serve nothing
he acknowledged that this one
do it
we learned to walk in step has noted that since 2005 who does with
what is treasurer these therapies we got a word for our clothes
we will also go to the mountain there is no reason we will take it
like that without strings
elements of the soldiers ap
the high-level sportsman of the army thanks to their performances
contributes to the influence of the army in general
plus the report the little plus one
this will bring to status
and it also brings a lot of things to the level of the military France team
ski at the meeting level at the level of sharing
transmission level
by the way and it's true that it's not much
we are welded
and that brings us a lot when we go skiing
in less good shots but we still need a team
behind us security there is also marble support to morals because it
is funny
mix
and here are these simple scenes of diminished distilled and it helps us a lot
sports ministers
the issue